---
title: "Glossary"
description: "Glossary of Dico.app jargon"
category: "References"
version: 0.1
fullscreen: false
menu: true
menuTitle: "Glossary"
badge: ""
draft: false
---

This is a glossary for common Dico.app vocabulary.

## General

> General Dico.app jargon

### Key

A key is a unit of content managed by Dico.app. It can be a label, a placeholder, a mail, etc. Keys can be internationalized within [ui.dico.app](https://ui.dico.app).

### Collection

A collection is a folder that can contain keys and other collections.

### Structure

The structure of a dico is the tree of its collections and keys. You can conceive the structure as a JSON nested object.

## Development

> Development related Dico.app jargon

### Command Line Interface (CLI)

The package `@dico/cli`, you can [check out its references ->](/references/cli)

### Client

The package `@dico/client`, you can [check out its references ->](/references/client)

### `dico.config.json` - Dico config file

The config file of dico inside your project. We recommend versioning this file.

### `dico.data.json` - Dico data file

The date of your dico inside your project. We recommend not versioning this file.

## Dashboard

> Dashboard related Dico.app jargon

### Personal Access Token

Your personal access token allows you to log in within the CLI. You can check your on the documentation if you're logged in or inside your [ui.dico.app](https://ui.dico.app)'s profile in the personal access token section.

### Locales

Locales are the available languages on a given dico. Developers and admins can configure them.

### Webhooks

Webhooks are triggered whenever you publish your dico. Developers and admins can configure them within a dico.
